Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
AmericanSamoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua
Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia
Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
BouvetIsland
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
BritishIndianOceanTerritory
BruneiDarussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
CapeVerde
CaymanIslands
CentralAfricanRepublic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
ChristmasIsland
Cocos
Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'ivoire
CookIslands
CostaRica
CoteD'ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
CzechRepublic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
DominicanRepublic
EastTimor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
ElSalvador
EquatorialGuinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
FalklandIslands
FaroeIslands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
FrenchGuiana
FrenchPolynesia
FrenchSouthernTerritories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Guineabissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island
HeardIsland
Mcdonald Islands
McdonaldIslands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea
Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
LaoPeople'sDemocraticRepublic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
LibyanArabJamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
MarshallIslands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
NetherlandsAntilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
NewCaledonia
NewZealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
NorfolkIsland
Northern Mariana Islands
NorthernMarianaIslands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
PalestinianTerritory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
PapuaNewGuinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
PuertoRico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
RussianFederation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts
SaintHelena
SaintKitts
Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre
SaintLucia
SaintPierre
Miquelon
Saint Vincent
The Grenadines
SaintVincent
TheGrenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
SanMarino
SaoTome
Principe
Saudi Arabia
SaudiArabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
SierraLeone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
Solomon Islands
SolomonIslands
South Africa
South Georgia
SouthAfrica
SouthGeorgia
The South Sandwich Islands
TheSouthSandwichIslands
Spain
Sri Lanka
SriLanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard
Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
SyrianArabRepublic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad
Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks
Caicos Islands
CaicosIslands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
UnitedArabEmirates
United Kingdom
UnitedKingdom
United States
UnitedStates
United States Minor Outlying Islands
UnitedStatesMinorOutlyingIslands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands
VirginIslands
Wallis
Futuna
Western Sahara
WesternSahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
afghanistan
albania
algeria
american samoa
americansamoa
andorra
angola
anguilla
antarctica
antigua
barbuda
argentina
armenia
aruba
australia
austria
azerbaijan
bahamas
bahrain
bangladesh
barbados
belarus
belgium
belize
benin
bermuda
bhutan
bolivia
bosnia
herzegovina
botswana
bouvet island
bouvetisland
brazil
british indian ocean territory
brunei darussalam
britishindianoceanterritory
bruneidarussalam
bulgaria
burkina faso
burundi
cambodia
cameroon
canada
cape verde
cayman islands
central african republic
capeverde
caymanislands
centralafricanrepublic
chad
chile
china
christmas island
christmasisland
cocos
islands
colombia
comoros
congo
cook islands
costa rica
cote d'ivoire
cookislands
costarica
coted'ivoire
croatia
cuba
cyprus
czech republic
czechrepublic
denmark
djibouti
dominica
dominican republic
east timor
dominicanrepublic
easttimor
ecuador
egypt
el salvador
equatorial guinea
elsalvador
equatorialguinea
eritrea
estonia
ethiopia
falkland islands
faroe islands
falklandislands
faroeislands
fiji
finland
france
french guiana
french polynesia
french southern territories
frenchguiana
frenchpolynesia
frenchsouthernterritories
gabon
gambia
georgia
germany
ghana
gibraltar
greece
greenland
grenada
guadeloupe
guam
guatemala
guinea
guinea-bissau
guineabissau
guyana
haiti
heard island
heardisland
mcdonald islands
mcdonaldislands
holy see
honduras
hong kong
hungary
iceland
india
indonesia
iran
iraq
ireland
israel
italy
jamaica
japan
jordan
kazakstan
kenya
kiribati
korea
korea
kosovo
kuwait
kyrgyzstan
lao people's democratic republic
laopeople'sdemocraticrepublic
latvia
lebanon
lesotho
liberia
libyan arab jamahiriya
libyanarabjamahiriya
liechtenstein
lithuania
luxembourg
macau
macedonia
madagascar
malawi
malaysia
maldives
mali
malta
marshall islands
marshallislands
martinique
mauritania
mauritius
mayotte
mexico
micronesia
moldova
monaco
mongolia
montserrat
montenegro
morocco
mozambique
myanmar
namibia
nauru
nepal
netherlands
netherlands antilles
netherlandsantilles
new caledonia
new zealand
newcaledonia
newzealand
nicaragua
niger
nigeria
niue
norfolk island
norfolkisland
northern mariana islands
northernmarianaislands
norway
oman
pakistan
palau
palestinian territory
palestinianterritory
panama
papua new guinea
papuanewguinea
paraguay
peru
philippines
pitcairn
poland
portugal
puerto rico
puertorico
qatar
reunion
romania
russian federation
russianfederation
rwanda
saint helena
saint kitts
sainthelena
saintkitts
nevis
saint lucia
saint pierre
saintlucia
saintpierre
miquelon
saint vincent
the grenadines
saintvincent
thegrenadines
samoa
san marino
sao tome
sanmarino
saotome
principe
saudi arabia
saudiarabia
senegal
serbia
seychelles
sierra leone
sierraleone
singapore
slovakia
slovenia
somalia
solomon islands
solomonislands
south africa
south georgia
southafrica
southgeorgia
the south sandwich islands
thesouthsandwichislands
spain
sri lanka
srilanka
sudan
suriname
svalbard
jan mayen
swaziland
sweden
switzerland
syrian arab republic
syrianarabrepublic
taiwan
tajikistan
tanzania
thailand
togo
tokelau
tonga
trinidad
tobago
tunisia
turkey
turkmenistan
turks
caicos islands
caicosislands
tuvalu
uganda
ukraine
united arab emirates
unitedarabemirates
united kingdom
unitedkingdom
united states
unitedstates
united states minor outlying islands
unitedstatesminoroutlyingislands
uruguay
uzbekistan
vanuatu
venezuela
viet nam
virgin islands
virginislands
wallis
futuna
western sahara
westernsahara
yemen
zambia
zimbabwe
AFGHANISTAN
ALBANIA
ALGERIA
AMERICAN SAMOA
AMERICANSAMOA
ANDORRA
ANGOLA
ANGUILLA
ANTARCTICA
ANTIGUA
BARBUDA
ARGENTINA
ARMENIA
ARUBA
AUSTRALIA
AUSTRIA
AZERBAIJAN
BAHAMAS
BAHRAIN
BANGLADESH
BARBADOS
BELARUS
BELGIUM
BELIZE
BENIN
BERMUDA
BHUTAN
BOLIVIA
BOSNIA
HERZEGOVINA
BOTSWANA
BOUVET ISLAND
BOUVETISLAND
BRAZIL
BRITISH INDIAN OCEAN TERRITORY
BRUNEI DARUSSALAM
BRITISHINDIANOCEANTERRITORY
BRUNEIDARUSSALAM
BULGARIA
BURKINA FASO
BURUNDI
CAMBODIA
CAMEROON
CANADA
CAPE VERDE
CAYMAN ISLANDS
CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC
CAPEVERDE
CAYMANISLANDS
CENTRALAFRICANREPUBLIC
CHAD
CHILE
CHINA
CHRISTMAS ISLAND
CHRISTMASISLAND
COCOS
ISLANDS
COLOMBIA
COMOROS
CONGO
COOK ISLANDS
COSTA RICA
COTE D'IVOIRE
COOKISLANDS
COSTARICA
COTED'IVOIRE
CROATIA
CUBA
CYPRUS
CZECH REPUBLIC
CZECHREPUBLIC
DENMARK
DJIBOUTI
DOMINICA
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC
EAST TIMOR
DOMINICANREPUBLIC
EASTTIMOR
ECUADOR
EGYPT
EL SALVADOR
EQUATORIAL GUINEA
ELSALVADOR
EQUATORIALGUINEA
ERITREA
ESTONIA
ETHIOPIA
FALKLAND ISLANDS
FAROE ISLANDS
FALKLANDISLANDS
FAROEISLANDS
FIJI
FINLAND
FRANCE
FRENCH GUIANA
FRENCH POLYNESIA
FRENCH SOUTHERN TERRITORIES
FRENCHGUIANA
FRENCHPOLYNESIA
FRENCHSOUTHERNTERRITORIES
GABON
GAMBIA
GEORGIA
GERMANY
GHANA
GIBRALTAR
GREECE
GREENLAND
GRENADA
GUADELOUPE
GUAM
GUATEMALA
GUINEA
GUINEA-BISSAU
GUINEABISSAU
GUYANA
HAITI
HEARD ISLAND
HEARDISLAND
MCDONALD ISLANDS
MCDONALDISLANDS
HOLY SEE
HONDURAS
HONG KONG
HUNGARY
ICELAND
INDIA
INDONESIA
IRAN
IRAQ
IRELAND
ISRAEL
ITALY
JAMAICA
JAPAN
JORDAN
KAZAKSTAN
KENYA
KIRIBATI
KOREA
KOREA
KOSOVO
KUWAIT
KYRGYZSTAN
LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
LAOPEOPLE'SDEMOCRATICREPUBLIC
LATVIA
LEBANON
LESOTHO
LIBERIA
LIBYAN ARAB JAMAHIRIYA
LIBYANARABJAMAHIRIYA
LIECHTENSTEIN
LITHUANIA
LUXEMBOURG
MACAU
MACEDONIA
MADAGASCAR
MALAWI
MALAYSIA
MALDIVES
MALI
MALTA
MARSHALL ISLANDS
MARSHALLISLANDS
MARTINIQUE
MAURITANIA
MAURITIUS
MAYOTTE
MEXICO
MICRONESIA
MOLDOVA
MONACO
MONGOLIA
MONTSERRAT
MONTENEGRO
MOROCCO
MOZAMBIQUE
MYANMAR
NAMIBIA
NAURU
NEPAL
NETHERLANDS
NETHERLANDS ANTILLES
NETHERLANDSANTILLES
NEW CALEDONIA
NEW ZEALAND
NEWCALEDONIA
NEWZEALAND
NICARAGUA
NIGER
NIGERIA
NIUE
NORFOLK ISLAND
NORFOLKISLAND
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS
NORTHERNMARIANAISLANDS
NORWAY
OMAN
PAKISTAN
PALAU
PALESTINIAN TERRITORY
PALESTINIANTERRITORY
PANAMA
PAPUA NEW GUINEA
PAPUANEWGUINEA
PARAGUAY
PERU
PHILIPPINES
PITCAIRN
POLAND
PORTUGAL
PUERTO RICO
PUERTORICO
QATAR
REUNION
ROMANIA
RUSSIAN FEDERATION
RUSSIANFEDERATION
RWANDA
SAINT HELENA
SAINT KITTS
SAINTHELENA
SAINTKITTS
NEVIS
SAINT LUCIA
SAINT PIERRE
SAINTLUCIA
SAINTPIERRE
MIQUELON
SAINT VINCENT
THE GRENADINES
SAINTVINCENT
THEGRENADINES
SAMOA
SAN MARINO
SAO TOME
SANMARINO
SAOTOME
PRINCIPE
SAUDI ARABIA
SAUDIARABIA
SENEGAL
SERBIA
SEYCHELLES
SIERRA LEONE
SIERRALEONE
SINGAPORE
SLOVAKIA
SLOVENIA
SOMALIA
SOLOMON ISLANDS
SOLOMONISLANDS
SOUTH AFRICA
SOUTH GEORGIA
SOUTHAFRICA
SOUTHGEORGIA
THE SOUTH SANDWICH ISLANDS
THESOUTHSANDWICHISLANDS
SPAIN
SRI LANKA
SRILANKA
SUDAN
SURINAME
SVALBARD
JAN MAYEN
SWAZILAND
SWEDEN
SWITZERLAND
SYRIAN ARAB REPUBLIC
SYRIANARABREPUBLIC
TAIWAN
TAJIKISTAN
TANZANIA
THAILAND
TOGO
TOKELAU
TONGA
TRINIDAD
TOBAGO
TUNISIA
TURKEY
TURKMENISTAN
TURKS
CAICOS ISLANDS
CAICOSISLANDS
TUVALU
UGANDA
UKRAINE
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
UNITEDARABEMIRATES
UNITED KINGDOM
UNITEDKINGDOM
UNITED STATES
UNITEDSTATES
UNITED STATES MINOR OUTLYING ISLANDS
UNITEDSTATESMINOROUTLYINGISLANDS
URUGUAY
UZBEKISTAN
VANUATU
VENEZUELA
VIET NAM
VIRGIN ISLANDS
VIRGINISLANDS
WALLIS
FUTUNA
WESTERN SAHARA
WESTERNSAHARA
YEMEN
ZAMBIA
ZIMBABWE